Then we have another option right held the virtual machine automation will Bogstad have predicted.
But let's now see the virtual machine automation enable individual virtual machine automation level.
That's me.
All right.
And the beauty of virtual machine can be switched from a virtual machine override beige.
When we disable this option that's mean rule of the dress will apply to all the virtual machine inside
this cluster.
But in any case you want to make some different dress route for those machine inside the cluster.
You need to enable virtual machine automation level.
And this is the case that if for example our virtual machine have two or three or maybe four terabytes
of data.
You need to exclude these virtual machine from the stars D-Rays.
So this option lets you to make this configuration.
Also the affinity route that's it there.
So always do enable this option if you want to exclude or to do some rule for a specific virtual machine
in your environment.
And we'll see an example for this machine machine center.
Then we have predictive dear as if we inhabit this one.
In addition to time metric D-Rays will respond to forecast metric provided by the realities.
The it is Operation server.
This is another tool from the view point.
You need to add it to to the center.
Of course there are some other course about the rallies that show you how to do the reality.
It's like a plugging you added to the center server.
And the realease operations server like a monitor server that will go into monitor your environment
you're trusted on a different server and will help with the DNS to take action in the right time.
Let's get an idea about it.
So for example you have an environment that's constant thousands of vitriol machine and do Iranians
keep monitoring the different data as action ticket in your environment after a specific time.
For example after a one or two month he discovered that you have about 10 machines in a virtual machine.
Always have a high low then in the resource outside of every month was on to last week of the month
those 10 virtual machines always have a high to loading of the resource.
So he predicts that at the next month again at the last seven day of the month the virtual machine will
consume more resouce.
So for that he predicts for that and it took action before the seven day.
For example before the virtual machine start consuming hide loading of the research for about three
or four days before that creates the right environment for those virtual machine by migrating them to
the other hosts that will go in to provide the right resource for this huge machine.
Or for example minimize other virtual machine from that host for example you have five hosts and every
host have about five machines and five machine how to machine that have over loading at last seven days
of the month.
So the dress will make great the other treat machine that exists with does too overloading vitriol machine
in the host to another hosts.
So at the last four years or eight or nine day of the month the host number one the top five machines
will only have only two virtual machine.
That's not a high loading.
So when does vision machine start consuming more resource.
Rhonda Stroupe they can use all the resource of the server for them together and no other virtual machine
will consume the resource with those to your machine.
So this is the idea of do predict DNS it will predict any overloading in our virtual machine in a specific
time.
And he will take action before that time happens.
And this is very helpful for this company.
The big company for example does a campaign for example like a bank the bank that's have an overloading
the end of the month or as the beginning of the month when our clients start getting money or transaction
et cetera.
So the details predicts Dennis will create a good environment for those virtual machine that is responsible
for transaction or to the beginning of the month.
Then after the seven day passes then we'll rebalance do environment and migrate the other machine to
the right place for the cluster load balancing.
So this is the products.
Also we have some other option additional option.
We'll see it in the next video.